wtf bro
i want nothing to be cahnged in it
i just to implement a real login
since when we press on continue with google
we dont see the traditional overlay 
where google asks you to choose the account with which you would continue with the website
also since google log ins are risky to sql injections
i want make sure my website is protected
i want to make sure that the ids of the products and their images are structured in a way that lets me add more products and images of them while categorizing them and in or out stocking them mentioning their prices and all
i want these to be done 
along whatever you did


1. guest users shouldnt be able to buy/add to bag/leave a review 
2. an account with 0 purchases shouldnt be able to leave any sort of review no matter if he/she is logged int with google
3. the logo in the website is a css coded circle
not the actual one i want the actual one to maintiain uniformity and autheticity
i am attaching the real logo here is its path in my computer: /home/abdus/D:/Business Websites/Dream Boutiques/BQT-Assets/DB Logo.png
4. also i dont want anyone to open dev tools and check my codes...to find any sort of vulnerabilities
none should be able to see the codes by just viisting the site
5. before the log in screen appears... a short animation would be played 
that would say welcome to our site
6. the website should be multilayered...
like i have noticed that just one back button in mobile and the whole website is closed...
i dont want it to be done like that i want that the user by instincts presses the back button on phone and the site goes to the previous page / layer 
so its convenient 
7. once a device is logged in it shouldnt be logged out automatically
8. on opening the site...instead of letting the user choose his/her device himself/herself let the website know it itself
because on mobile.. it would be a burden to choose 
9. once the user is logged in , on the top right corner with the sticky overlay where the branding , logo , my bag is presnt even after scrolling away there should be an profile page too
where the user's name (from google account) and email (from same) is displayed 
in order that Name followed by E-mail 
then under that <div>(s) for "Purchased Items", "Reviews", "Log Out"
all having an arrow in their <div>(s) at the right that does whats supposed to do 
and on clicking on Log out the user would be asked , are you sure that you want to log out with a sad CSS emoji
once logged out he would be thrown to the page where he is shown an option to log in with google account 
10. the user's data must stored within google , it shouldnt happen that the user refreshed the web and all data is gone
11. all the changes i mentioned should mach the vibe of the already e
